Good day dear friends with
you aspects of jacks are special
the release is 100 plus subscribers and 20
thousand plus
channel views and so we have today
something special went and before the start we
show this little woods on the outskirts
cities that here is a survivor lumberjack and
probably dinner here wear critters here food
here they have a gun and a revolver and
canned food is here everywhere
lounging everywhere is barbed wire
not prepared and further on the road
there is already a zombie apocalypse here and a zombie
attacking people here can be seen as a dude with
pot torments this and zombies arm
got my arm and took it
but then the police are lying around dead
already that person takes
weapons throw also zombies there too
man can zoom here a little garden and in
bushes something there lying around thymine
the remains of a moped policeman here
fight back from the zombies well, and now continue
we will move on to the second group and
So here we see that Suvorov firing
on zombies
through the glass of Kalash that's such an ordinary
the cop means and go to the building
here is his general
it crumbled the machine completely
crushed because don't build a building
from glass
build it all strong concrete for example
right here zombies are so ordinary ex
the fireman wallows there all kinds of chairs
tables
outlet and here is the courtyard between
by the way between these two buildings we
see the sheriff who is moving over
the barricade further we have a workshop of the city
about this is the main workshop
she and very poorly here we have wood
which closes the door from
detractors
inside we have a dude who survived some not
the sheriff couldn't get over the ladder
scary means a mountain of car tools
some boxes are very important in general
survival supplies didn't you want there
lies zombies do 2 st he is resting
wanted he ready to attack go over
patio
in the courtyard we have two doors here 1
broken out 1 normally even open two
bandyugana
not rob all innocent citizens here at
we used to have a small fortification
most likely a police post a cashier
lying around ammo and a wheel from some
tells or
lawn mowers here we sit
very scared and as you can see by
face peasant with padawan body armor were walking
military probably means right here
here we have a very tough incident but
man looks at helicopter crash this
helicopter drop or
if copter boxes mean we have here
here here
dropped a helicopter here inside junk
everyone is crushed in front of the blade somehow
so incomprehensible lie and this is the car
This car brought a small
helicopter for demonstration shows he, too
a little wrecked because he was being carried
at the service here is a man swatch and this is
bulletproof vest very afraid that you him
will come
no luck zombies are so stupid with
a revolver and here's another zombie this
quite difficult situation as for building
but because the zombie apocalypse
real zombies will remind you pretty much
this is all of doggy factors will be in
description yes and then we have it here
minibar to daughters well the rest is for you
will comment on jacks
so on we see the command center
which which already broke through zombies like
see here the door and the benefits and
already all dead 1 person just some
the commander survived and wrap it now
shukhlyadi and boxes yes we see further
canned dnr in the kitchen to this little
there was a card gun table any
here the computer that probably burned
called for help
Well everything is destroyed everything is everywhere
collapsed
further goes well here's a barricade to here it
the little man is worth further goes to our garage
motorcycles im here weapons also here these
tires
well, here are some more weapons and supplies
sedan
next we have a big survivor base
camp
yes such here we start from above who is here
the staircase is right here with us
following the stairs is the supplies
the boxes are not a big pipe of some sort
radio helicopter antennas naturally
sniper little man with a dog
well, the flag develops very proudly on
some kind of shelf down below this whole
we have a mini garage
or shelters
rain in it we see a quad bike and a van
and here we have something for now
here children walk warm people near
campfire man with coffee and machine gun all
guards
and there is a generator next to it also
there is a survivor with a shotgun and a survivor
bandaged hand he is further with us
two men
asking some survivor for
place in camp fights very much
so this little man shot down
today came to run for a seat
he will certainly be checked there right here
here are concrete barricades
which they miss or should not
skip cars can be seen as
the taxi ran into some kind of incomprehensible
lawn mower but the car is very small
golf cart can be mean here
here we are
trans transport platform for boats well
I do not use will enter the election
coal and here is the little man behind the barry rinks
for bags with a machine gun covers
suitable survivor
running after him and one of them stumbled
in fact he's a loser based bike
house in which we will not go because
there is only a little bit and some little man with
shotgun from the balcony watching here
Here we have a police barricade
until she was attacked everyone interrupted
here is this police radio which is not
I use well and then what's left
it's a bit of loot and
peasant pans already repeated beats
dear friends all thanks for watching
subscribe put huskies with you was
jacks and aspect put likes
subscribe everyone bye
and also do not forget to tell friends